docs: clarification on Transit Nodes docs (#9181)
vercel/turborepo: docs/repo-docs/crafting-your-repository/configuring-tasks.mdx

> Some tasks can be ran in parallel despite being dependent on other packages. An example of tasks that fit this description are linters, since a linter doesn't need to wait for outputs in dependencies to run successfully.

Author: Alternatively you could change the above example to be typechecking instead, but based on this dissonance I'm actually a little confused by your example. Using Internal Packages™

> since a type checker doesn't need to wait for outputs in dependencies to run successfully

could be true. Not using Internal Packages, where the output is `.d.ts` files, it would seem like you definetly can't typecheck package A if package B could be changing `.d.ts` files.

> Some tasks can be ran in parallel despite being dependent on other packages. An example of tasks that fit this description are linters, since a linter doesn't need to wait for outputs in dependencies to run successfully.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some tasks can be ran in parallel despite being dependent on other packages. An example of tasks that fit this description are linters or type checkers, since a these tasks doesn't need to wait for outputs in dependencies to run successfully.
```

_Technically_, TypeScript as a type checker is a linter. But I can see how that would be confusing. Would this change be clearer?

Author: Yeah that works!

But I guess it feels like a more confusing example given my comment above:

> When NOT using Internal Packages, where the output of each package is `.d.ts` files, it would seem like you definetly can't start typechecking package A which depends on B, until B emits its `.d.ts` files

Reviewer: Sorry, missed that. You're right, let's swap the example to being `lint`.
